one piece episode 6 79 and 680 I don't
know how we're gonna chop the previous
episode without God usopp but let's
let's do it this has happened once
before where I haven't been able to find
an episode with uh no subtitles so I
went back to my French website anda so
this episode has french subtitles and I
can't read French but it always it
always distracts me like I usually watch
the show without subtitles but like the
fridge is very distracting sabo escapes
with rebecca and they escaped down to
where the factory is Szabo has arrived
or at least they go pack Oh either ship
is probably down there right diamante
has fallen down through the ring to to
wear this is obviously at his coming
face to face with all the people who are
just turned back from toys sawa changes
his clothes back to his like summer
riffic uniform and he's like oh I'm a
fiery still haven't seen his face yet
it's getting kind of annoying actually
oh and then he raises his head finally
introduces himself as Sabo it shows his
face and then we're also introduced to
koala and hack Rebecca's like wait a
second what happened to Lucy then South
was like oh he's not Lucy at all he's
he's muguara luffy duh med Sabo has a
flashback childhood times right but
everyone was happy it's a Rebecca is
like alright so what are the
revolutionary guys doing here why why
you guys come here they know that this
island is kind of like the Center for
the black trade markets they know that a
lot of really shady stuff is going on
here meanwhile back above like on land
they're still chaos because all the
people are turning back into not dolls
zoro standing outside i guess his battle
finish
doflamingo Santa's Factory it's up its
up what's face that's his name oh my god
was his name the samurai whatever Sam
right okay so he's dressed up as dumb
Flamingo and all the people are fooled
and they start shooting him thinking he
stuff let me go thankfully he's able to
escape so it doesn't get shot they
realized that since everyone's been
turned back they're like oh that means
operation SOP was a success then he goes
out to look for kenjiro Oh Robin
meanwhile goes and meets up with the
revolutionary people and it's like hey
long time no see guys and they're like
oh yes cuz we're friends we hang out all
the time and Bartolomeo is also there is
like oh ho robison and Bartolomeo looks
at you saw but he's like sucks not a
member of the crew because his picture
is so kicking but then once he puts it
together like oh my god so not only is
oh so part of the crew but he's so
geeking whoa meanwhile um heroes is
rampaging fighting and you just cut off
doe flamingos head house if you like us
talking with some students today about
that and then luffy goes running is like
law i'm here to save you and laws like
what are you doing no he's trying to be
like no our lines is over it's finished
i'm not associate with you anymore get
lost movie at violet of like really
struggle to get the handcuffs off him
because they all have devil fruit
affilliate ease and it's great white but
before they can get him free they start
to hear some dialogue laughter from
doflamingo and a pika shoots through the
ground they're like how could def lomita
still be alive this is impossible and
he's talking about some kind of crazy
thing he's gonna do some kind of crazy
operation which freaks law out we don't
know what it is yet but I'm going to
assume it's going to be very dangerous
and we're gonna watch another episode so
let's go factory workers who are looking
at the window and seeing all the X ties
people come towards them they're like
now we're not worried no one has the key
to the factory they can't get in plus
travel
and diamante are guarding it and then we
get to see them with their various
abilities their sticky abilities and
their flag waving back up with
doflamingo he's explaining about
birdcage well not so much explaining
more so just like creepily alluding to
heroes goes to attack doh flamingos
decapitated body but then all of a
sudden this other doflamingo is there
attacking and he kicks so intensely that
he knocks off a big chunk of the castle
and luckily luffy rescue Skyros oh now
there's why there's to do flamingos one
without a head and one with the head
can't wait to see this rationalist oh
definitely who has hockey too oh jeez Oh
Lucy got slashed Oh hand punch to the
face I thought something would happen
that would help him avoid it but it
didn't he got the full force of that in
the face so don't amigos using a
technique that his men have never seen
before it's like he's made a marionette
basically Nando flamingo looks at King
Riku and is like you know what I'm gonna
do is going to be even worse than that
horrible time when you slashed up all
your citizens let me to force him to
then dhokla mango tells pika to throw
everyone out toss them out on the
streets so he does that toss about side
of mail fall down whatever birdcages
must be like Total Annihilation if he
feels confident enough to just let them
go like that he's firing like strings up
into the air there's something law knows
what it is he's not telling us so the
strings are like forming a giant dome I
guess a giant bird cage like object
around dressrosa oh and when the when
some of the guys try to run out the the
strings are like super sharp everyone's
trapped inside it's like the trying to
get information out of law he still
changed the chair and the chair is on
its backs like he's like lying there
like a guy's the bird cage is this thing
get someone does on do they have the key
they're like these little
needles shooting into people um fujitora
catches the one that was aiming for him
of course because he's amazing and these
strings are controlling people and
forcing them to start firing at each
other and destroying things everyone's
gonna kill each other basically so then
the Navy's like what the hell is going
on and they can't really do much because
even the other soldiers even their own
soldiers are attacking so the palace is
lifting up going to safety that's a
smile factory too of course that's the
important part after all town is being
like sucked up into the flower field and
like making a a tower of town nendo
flamengo decides making an announcement
to his citizens he proposes a game and
the game is to kill him he's like I will
wait here at the palace you can come and
try to kill me I won't try to run away
however there is another way to end the
game you have to kill the people that
I'm about to tell you to kill em I
wonder who that list of people to kill
is going to end up being so that's the
end of episode 6 80 those were good
those were good they definitely move the
plot for Brigid we found out about
revolutionary guys and then project
birdcage started and we we got away from
doflamingo and we got law back a lot of
stuff happened in those episodes I will
see you next time for episode 681 and
682 bye